#32335: Adding initial files to .github (#1)
torproject/.github: SECURITY.md

Reporting Tor vulnerabilities
=============================

Please report vulnerabilities and security issues to tor-security@lists.torproject.org. 

> If you found vulnerability in core Tor daemon or Tor Browser, consider submitting it to bug bounty program at: https://hackerone.com/torproject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have found a vulnerability in the Tor network daemon or Tor Browser, consider submitting it to bug bounty program at: https://hackerone.com/torproject
```
